modules/managers/galasa-managers-parent/galasa-managers-zos-parent/dev.galasa.zos3270.manager/README.md, before:

# zOS 3270 Manager - Gherkin temporary ALPHA documentation

The following are the Gherkin statements that the zOS 3270 Manager currently supports.  This documentation will only exist until the doc site supports the Gherkin reference.

NOTE, the spacing and capitalisation must be exact at this time.  We will try to add flexibility soon.

### Obtaining a Terminal for use in a feature file

`GIVEN a terminal`

`GIVEN a terminal with id of A`

`GIVEN a terminal tagged PRIMARY`

`GIVEN a terminal with id of A tagged PRIMARY`


There are 4 flavours to the "given a terminal".  you can specify an ID for a terminal so that a feature file can operate multiple terminals in the same feature file.  You can also specify a zOS image tag to influence which image the terminal connects to.

The default ID is `A` and the default tag is `PRIMARY`.

In all the following statements,  where you see `terminal` you can leave as default ID of `A` or code `terminal B` to point to a different terminal.

### Move Cursor
  
`AND move terminal cursor to field "xxxxxx"`

Where `xxxxxx` is the text in an protected or unprotected field on the screen.

`AND move terminal A cursor to field "xxxxxx"`

As above, but for the terminal with an id of `A`

### Terminal keys

`AND press terminal key TAB`

`AND press terminal key CLEAR`

`AND press terminal key ENTER`

`AND press terminal key BACKTAB`

`AND press terminal key PFxx` where `xx` is the PF number

`AND press terminal A key ENTER` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

### Type something

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal` where `xxxxx` is what you want to type where the cursor is

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal A` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal in field labelled "yyyyyy"` where `xxxxxx` is the what you want to type,  `yyyyyy` is the field label.  WARNING, this will move the cursor.  It will locate ANY text `yyyyyy` and then press TAB and then type.

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal A in field labelled "yyyyyy"` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

### Wait for the keyboard to unlock

`AND wait for terminal keyboard`

`AND wait for terminal A keyboard`

### Wait for text on the screen

`THEN wait for "xxxxxx" in any terminal field`

This will wait for the text to appear on the screen on any screen update.  WARNING, the keyboard may not be unlocked when this statement finishes.

`THEN wait for "xxxxxx" in any terminal A field` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

### Check single text on screen

`THEN check "xxxxxx" appears only once on terminal`

This will search the screen for text `xxxxxx` and ensure it occurs once.  This is immediate, will not wait for updates.

`THEN check "xxxxxx" appears only once on terminal A` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

Commit message:

3270 manager: set initial cursor position and send up to 256 bytes of outbound data for SSCP-LU session screens (#301)
## Why?
For https://github.com/galasa-dev/projectmanagement/issues/2232

SSCP-LU session displays are unformatted and use an "initial cursor position" to determine the start of an input area. The initial cursor position should be set to one screen position after the last character in the SSCP-LU inbound data stream, or the start of the next line if the last character was a newline.

The input area has an outbound limit of 256 bytes of data, data entry is restricted from the initial cursor position to the following 255 screen positions or to the last screen position.

This PR updates the 3270 manager to take these attributes of SSCP-LU session displays into account when entering data into such displays.

## Changes
- An initial cursor position is now stored after processing inbound messages
- When building the outbound message bytes, SSCP-LU session screens will build messages starting from the initial cursor position onwards as described above
- Added an insert cursor instruction when converting SSCP-LU data streams into standard 3270 text, which moves the cursor to one position after the last character/the start of the next line in the event of the last character being a newline
  - Note: The 3270 manager already had code that processed unformatted screens in standard 3270 sessions (i.e. not SSCP-LU sessions). This existing processing has been left as-is, since those screens are intended to be sent in their entirety

---------

Signed-off-by: Eamonn Mansour <47121388+eamansour@users.noreply.github.com>

modules/managers/galasa-managers-parent/galasa-managers-zos-parent/dev.galasa.zos3270.manager/README.md, after:

# zOS 3270 Manager

## Gherkin temporary ALPHA documentation
The following are the Gherkin statements that the zOS 3270 Manager currently supports.  This documentation will only exist until the doc site supports the Gherkin reference.

NOTE, the spacing and capitalisation must be exact at this time.  We will try to add flexibility soon.

### Obtaining a Terminal for use in a feature file

`GIVEN a terminal`

`GIVEN a terminal with id of A`

`GIVEN a terminal tagged PRIMARY`

`GIVEN a terminal with id of A tagged PRIMARY`


There are 4 flavours to the "given a terminal".  you can specify an ID for a terminal so that a feature file can operate multiple terminals in the same feature file.  You can also specify a zOS image tag to influence which image the terminal connects to.

The default ID is `A` and the default tag is `PRIMARY`.

In all the following statements,  where you see `terminal` you can leave as default ID of `A` or code `terminal B` to point to a different terminal.

### Move Cursor
  
`AND move terminal cursor to field "xxxxxx"`

Where `xxxxxx` is the text in an protected or unprotected field on the screen.

`AND move terminal A cursor to field "xxxxxx"`

As above, but for the terminal with an id of `A`

### Terminal keys

`AND press terminal key TAB`

`AND press terminal key CLEAR`

`AND press terminal key ENTER`

`AND press terminal key BACKTAB`

`AND press terminal key PFxx` where `xx` is the PF number

`AND press terminal A key ENTER` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

### Type something

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal` where `xxxxx` is what you want to type where the cursor is

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal A` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal in field labelled "yyyyyy"` where `xxxxxx` is the what you want to type,  `yyyyyy` is the field label.  WARNING, this will move the cursor.  It will locate ANY text `yyyyyy` and then press TAB and then type.

`AND type "xxxxxx" on terminal A in field labelled "yyyyyy"` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

### Wait for the keyboard to unlock

`AND wait for terminal keyboard`

`AND wait for terminal A keyboard`

### Wait for text on the screen

`THEN wait for "xxxxxx" in any terminal field`

This will wait for the text to appear on the screen on any screen update.  WARNING, the keyboard may not be unlocked when this statement finishes.

`THEN wait for "xxxxxx" in any terminal A field` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

### Check single text on screen

`THEN check "xxxxxx" appears only once on terminal`

This will search the screen for text `xxxxxx` and ensure it occurs once.  This is immediate, will not wait for updates.

`THEN check "xxxxxx" appears only once on terminal A` where `A` is the id of the terminal to use.

## Interacting with SSCP-LU sessions

The 3270 manager contains experimental code that allows Galasa to interact with SSCP-LU 3270 sessions. For details about SSCP-LU sessions see https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/zos-basic-skills?topic=implementation-architectural-components-sna-network

SSCP-LU sessions are connections between a System Services Control Point (SSCP) and a Logical Unit (LU), where an SSCP is an IBM Systems Network Architecture (SNA) component that manages network resources and controls the establishment of sessions between applications. Logical Units represent client sessions that end users and applications use to access the network. SSCP-LU sessions are established when a logical unit needs to activate a session with another logical unit, so the SSCP facilitates this connection.

SSCP-LU displays are unformatted, meaning they contain no fields that are typically encountered in formatted 3270 displays and no special orders or attributes associated with the data received from the server. Since there are no structured fields, SSCP-LU displays use an "initial cursor position" to identify the beginning of an input area. This initial cursor position should be one position after the last character on the screen, or the first position of the next line if the last character was a newline.

There is an outbound limit of 256 bytes of data in SSCP-LU sessions. So the screen area starting from the initial cursor position to the following 255 screen positions, or the last position on the screen if that occurs first, can be used to enter data. See the _IBM 3270 Information Display System Component Description_ and _3270 Data Stream Programmer's Reference_ books for more details.

When the 3270 manager encounters an SSCP-LU data stream, it attempts to convert the data stream into a standard 3270 data stream filled with simple text orders and an insert cursor order to position the cursor in the correct place on the unformatted screen.

Before sending outbound messages to an SSCP-LU session, the 3270 manager reads the portion of the screen from the initial cursor position onwards (as mentioned above) and sends the data in that area of the screen to the server. This is experimental and subject to change.
