README.md, before:

# Galasa
This is a home for all of the Galasa Java code.

## Code structure
- [`modules`](./modules/) - The code
- [`tools`](./tools/) - Build tools and useful scripts

## building locally

Use the `./tools/build-locally.sh` script. `--help` shows you the options.

Basic usage to build everything: `build-locally.sh`

## setting the source code version

The `set-version.sh` script allows you to set the version of the Galasa throughout this repository.

Use the `--help` flag to see what options are supported.

Basic usage: `set-version.sh --version 0.42.0`

## Using vscode
When using vscode to develop this code, we recommend the following settings are added to your `settings.json` file:

```
"java.jdt.ls.vmargs": "-Xmx1024m",
"java.import.gradle.arguments" : "-PtargetMaven=~/.m2/repository",

"java.import.gradle.version": "8.9",
"java.configuration.runtimes": [
    {
        "name": "JavaSE-17",
        "path": "/path/to/java/sdk/folder" , // eg: /Users/mcobbett/.sdkman/candidates/java/17.0.12-tem
        "default": true,
    },
],
"java.import.gradle.wrapper.enabled": false,
```

Commit message:

CLI syntax documentation to be generated into a zip for further use by the docs build process (#295)
Signed-off-by: Mike Cobbett <77053+techcobweb@users.noreply.github.com>

# Why ?
The CLI docs have always been checked-in to the CLI source repo and viewed through github UI.

We want to generate the docs such that they are markdown inside the documentation source, when the whole thing can be built into a web site. 

So combining the .md files prior to building the docs is what we want to do.

This PR builds the .md zip of the CLI syntax documentation and zips it up, placing it in the dev.galasa.cli.docs maven artifact.

README.md, after:

# Galasa 
This is the main source code repository for the Galasa open source project.

## Code structure
- [`modules`](./modules/) - The code
- [`tools`](./tools/) - Build tools and useful scripts

## building locally

Use the `./tools/build-locally.sh` script. `--help` shows you the options.

Basic usage to build everything: `build-locally.sh`

## setting the source code version

The `set-version.sh` script allows you to set the version of the Galasa throughout this repository.

Use the `--help` flag to see what options are supported.

Basic usage: `set-version.sh --version 0.42.0`

## Using vscode
When using vscode to develop this code, we recommend the following settings are added to your `settings.json` file:

```
"java.jdt.ls.vmargs": "-Xmx1024m",
"java.import.gradle.arguments" : "-PtargetMaven=~/.m2/repository",

"java.import.gradle.version": "8.9",
"java.configuration.runtimes": [
    {
        "name": "JavaSE-17",
        "path": "/path/to/java/sdk/folder" , // eg: /Users/mcobbett/.sdkman/candidates/java/17.0.12-tem
        "default": true,
    },
],
"java.import.gradle.wrapper.enabled": false,
```
